revisit-pagination-in-ts (#7951)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/typescript/design.md

    console.log(item);
}

// usage of continuationToken with byPage

> const previousPage = client.listItems().byPage().next();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const previousPage = await client.listItems().byPage().next();
```

    name: string;
}

type ContinuablePage<TElement, TPage = TElement[]> = TPage & {
  /**

>    * The token that keeps track of where to continue the iterator

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
   * A token that identifies a certain page.
```

   */
  continuationToken?: string;
};
/**

>  * An interface that allows async iterable iteration both to completion and by page.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
 * An iterator that also enables iteration over both items and pages of items.
```

 */
interface PagedAsyncIterableIterator<
  TElement,
  TPage = TElement[],
  TPageSettings extends PageSettings = PageSettings,
> {
  /**
   * The next method, part of the iteration protocol
   */
  next(): Promise<IteratorResult<TElement>>;
  /**
   * The connection to the async iterator, part of the iteration protocol
   */
  [Symbol.asyncIterator](): PagedAsyncIterableIterator<TElement, TPage, TPageSettings>;
  /**

>    * Return an AsyncIterableIterator that works a page at a time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Return an iterator over pages of items.
```

   */
  byPage: (settings?: TPageSettings) => AsyncIterableIterator<ContinuablePage<TElement, TPage>>;
}

class ServiceClient {
    /* ... */
    listItems(): PagedAsyncIterableIterator<Item> {
      return buildPagedAsyncIterator(
        context,
        () =>
          _listItemsSend(
            context,
            options,
          ),
        _listItemsDeserialize,
        { itemName: "value", nextLinkName: "nextLink" },

>       );

Reviewer: If we're going to show this code, I recommend giving context on all referenced definitions including `buildPagedAsyncIterator`.

Author: I have removed this part, not sure but still kept the interface PagedAsyncIterableIterator definition part, not sure if you have concerns about those?
